you have it like it is a thing and then
you were like everyone loves having sex
sex is fantastic we also think that it's
great every single time like man i got
laid it was so awesome dude like oh my
god like oh man getting laid like oh my
god laid laid
so
i am a former incel 32m
okay
who had sex for the first time today and
was grossed out
after a two-year self-improvement
journey i was able to get a woman to
sleep with me on our fifth date
prior to sex she said she might even
become my girlfriend if we continue to
get along and bond with each other later
that evening we hooked up
i'm not sure what i was expecting to
feel but my eggplant felt really weird
inside i didn't bother to finish because
i lost my boner got a little queasy and
just said i wasn't ready after all
she knew my situation so she was
supportive and hugged me i have big
fingers and i play guitar so i was able
to get her off using my hands perhaps
that's why we're meeting again this
tuesday she said she still might become
my girlfriend am i actually some sort of
asexual have i damaged my eggplant from
18 years of jerking off
i can easily uh jerk off thinking of
this girl so i know the plumbing works
by the way i successfully completed no
november in an attempt to escape porn
addiction and be interested in real sex
so i am sad that i didn't succeed when
the time came
or the time didn't come
edit during my lonely years i developed
some disturbing porn fetishes that got
really bad after a knee surgery that
left me laid up in bed for for weeks
hitchhiking to squirt city three times a
day that's one of the reasons why i did
no nut november i worry that the porn
preferences might be corrupting my
normal sexual appetite
okay
so uh apologies for the the trolling
comment um so i i think this is a really
excellent post because i think it
highlights a couple of things the first
is that
you know in cells believe
just like we were saying they have this
like fantasy of what sex is like right
and they think like oh if i can just get
a woman to sleep with me i will no
longer be an incel and everything will
be amazing right so they they sort of
have this idea that
if you are if you have sex a single time
then you are like no longer the incel
and everything for you is like golden
after that you become you become one
with the chads like you graduate from
incel to chad and once you graduate from
intel to chad then like you're totally
fine and everything is super easy for
you and i think this is the unfortunate
thing is they're they're wronged about
that and you can be happy as an incel
sort of
or let me put it this way
our society places a bizarre value on
sex right and we think that once you
have sex you've crossed some sort of
threshold to where there's like you're
in the promised land where everything
you're confident and rich and powerful
and all these other things
and but that's just not how it is right
so and i think this is a really great
post because it illustrates the simple
truth of like how
um
how complicated sex is and how just
getting laid is not gonna fix all your
problems okay
so let's talk about this for a second
so this is going to be a little bit more
graphic but i think it's really really
important to understand um
you know like
sex
and and what it means to people and how
to get out of the situation this is uh
uh unfortunately a situation or
fortunately depending on how you look at
it i've worked with a fair number of
people who are sort of in this situation
and i've also helped them get out of the
situation so we're going to kind of talk
a little bit about
how to deal with this
so let's start off by sort of thinking
through like the key points of this this
person's post so the first is that they
are a former in-cell so the first is
they identified with being an incel
second thing is they have worked on
themselves for two years completed no
not november went like chad mode sigma
mail right and then like managed to
start dating and and were able to engage
in a sexual relationship with a a
partner i think it's a woman right
same girlfriend so let's assume woman
the other thing that i want to tell this
person is like
this woman is worth her weight in gold
right so like this is just something i
want to say like the ability to
understand where you're coming from be
emotionally available for you and sort
of like be patient with you
as you're going through this journey is
like amazing
you really got lucky because there are
many people out there who may not be as
willing to like hold your hand through
this journey which is exactly what it's
going to be it's going to be a journey
so everyone so now what we're going to
do is talk a little bit about sex and
how we envision sex so we envision sex
as like some sort of like milestone
where it's like once you have it like it
is a thing and then you are like
everyone loves having sex sex is
fantastic we also think that it's great
every single time like man i got laid it
was so awesome dude like oh my god like
oh man getting laid like oh my god laid
laid laid
so we definitely romanticize the idea of
sex we also romanticize the idea of both
being a virgin and no longer being a
virgin right we attach all kinds of
different like myths
and and other kinds of
like
things to sex
so let's just kind of quickly talk about
the myths of sex
let me see if i yeah okay
it's funny i was i was actually
talking about this earlier so let's talk
about
the way that we romanticize and
mythologize sex okay
all right so myth number one
the first time you do it
it's gonna be amazing
oftentimes not true i think especially
uh i think women have this experience
more often than men oh wait we're not
you guys can see okay
the myths of sex so the first time you
do it it's gonna be amazing
myth number two
every time you do it
it's gonna be amazing
also not true
okay
so the truth is that is that sex is just
like anything else so i'd say it's like
almost like cooking
where you know you can cook an amazing
meal and it can be super super delicious
but the first time you cook something
it's probably not gonna be like that
great right and i think especially i've
had this experience more with women that
i've worked with where oftentimes the
first time they have sex it's like
painful somewhat pleasurable oftentimes
the first time that women have sex
especially if it's if it's like
teenagers for example
um you know the person they're having
sex with may not know exactly how to
bring them to orgasm because it's like
not quite as intuitive for women as it
is with men
um
so you know there's
this idea that the first time you have
sex it's supposed to be like this
amazing thing right so also like in in
cultures like the in-cell culture like
they they will
mythologize and and kind of fantasize
about what this first sexual experience
is whereas the truth of the matter is
for many people
the first sexual experience is like
awkward and unfulfilling
and this is exacerbated by the fact that
there are so many like mythologies or
fantasies about it right like we have
all these movies that condition us like
oh like there are two people they're
kissing by the moon and then like
the music starts playing and then like
it's like the next morning and it's like
everyone's like smiling at each other
and they're like oh my god that was
amazing
that's just not how it works right sex
just like anything else in life is gonna
be like awkward and unfulfilling until
you get the hang of it
and so this is the first thing to
understand okay
next thing to understand is that there
are a lot of different things that
can
make sex difficult so this person
is dealing with like you know common
difficulties
okay
so the first is death grip syndrome
so this is just a very physical
conditioning thing so our body gets like
conditioned based on particular things
it's almost like a pavlovian response so
this i see a lot in men who have sex
like later in life right so we're not
maybe like not the first few years but
you know if you've been masturbating for
18 years
what's gonna happen is that your body
is going to require a certain kind of
stimulation to achieve climax because
you've trained it right like you've
essentially like
trained your penis like a dog and i'm
not saying that to be bemish i'm saying
like there's like pavlovian conditioning
going on so there's a certain amount of
grip strength
there's a certain lack of lubrication
there's like a certain thing that like
you've just
trained your body to respond to okay
and so this is where it can be kind of
interesting but then when people
actually engage in in sexual intercourse
like vaginal intercourse what they tend
to find is that vaginal intercourse does
not work
and it doesn't get them to orgasm and
then this creates like a psychological
problem which then this person sort of
gets into right and they're kind of like
wait wait like this is kind of like
gross and queasy so there are kind of
different psychological problems like am
i messed up
um i think this is am i asexual right so
this person has this concern
and then these psychological problems
will then in turn lead to
you know flacidity
which then in turn will lead to shame
which then will kind of lead to more
psychological problems and then they've
kind of like giged out right it becomes
a cycle
so the truth of the matter is that
you're not messed up you've just
conditioned your body in a certain way
and the good news is that you can like
decondition it as well
so this is where um and okay does that
make sense do i need to explain that
more
are you all good with that okay
so this is where you know if you've got
death grip syndrome there are things
that you can do so if we kind of think
about
you know the vagina
and we've got darth vader over here
right like what are the different
features that you need to like kind of
get from so one is a lot of times people
who are in this situation use no lube
so what you want to start doing is and
this is highly lubricated
right so what you want to start doing is
like start using lotion
second thing is that you know
i don't know how to say i'm trying to
say this without being meamish but you
you know the the psi the pounds per
square inch
that your hand is able to exert is going
to be like greater than
you know
the psi for the vag is going to be like
a little bit lower right so what you
want to do is looser grip
so these are the two biggest things that
you can do for death grip syndrome okay
and if you do these you'll
physiologically re-entrain yourself it's
going to feel very unsatisfying because
like you're going to want to squeeze
harder and you're going to want to use
less lotion because this is what you
need
to climax right
and so the next thing that we can do so
in terms of a sexual relationship like
you know i'm not saying you should go
monk mode for the next two months and
and just masturbate using these things
so thankfully it sounds like you've got
a pretty supportive partner so now we're
gonna
okay so we've got a man and we've got a
woman
okay so let's just add some hair here
and then if we kind of think about
we've got hands
we've got genitals
we've got breasts
okay this is the kind of thing where if
you just like label the erogenous zones
like your partner can get involved right
so this is going to get a little bit
graphic but like you know you've got raj
in the zone number ways of delivering
and receiving pleasure
one two
three
four okay we're gonna steer clear of
stuff like maybe there's a five over
here if you wanna
consider buttholes or scrotums or
whatever
i don't know if you guys can even see
those numbers
yeah sure let's let's be complete so
let's five and six are down there okay
if you want to get really crazy um you
know feet can be erogenous zones so
there's evidence for example
that there are uh non-insulated
neurons um
in the feet of especially this is maybe
even gender specific more gender
specific so this is going to sound kind
of weird so you have a spinal cord right
and so if we think about the human body
like here's your your shoulders
right and then here's like let's say
uh you know your chest
and then down here we've got
genital nerves
and then like over here we've got foot
nerves that kind of come in over here
and it's really interesting because
there's even a there's a cool hypothesis
that i was looking at that if you look
at the anatomy
there are non-insulated nerves that
from the feet and genitals that run next
to each other so there may be actually
an electrical impulse that can travel
from a foot nerve to the genital nerves
especially in women i don't know how
really true this is to be honest
but there's some evidence to this which
suggests that
you know part of the reason that women
may be able to get some degree of sexual
arousal from feet is through even like
anatomical or maybe anatomical
correlations here so it's not just
psychological
and then if we kind of think about your
partner right so let's start from the
top one
two
three
four
five
six
seven
eight
right so this is where like if you're
just thinking about you know if you're
in this situation how do you have sex
with a partner there are a lot of
options is the short answer right
so like even if you are and what i
recommend is that you like naturally get
you you sort of start combine bridging
the two right so it doesn't have to be
three plus six
right it can be like over here you can
do one plus three
and then you know engaging with your
partner like four plus one or four plus
six
um you know or four plus two
you know or
your two with their six
and i'm trying to keep this as as
professional as possible
right and i'm gonna try not to be like
oh yeah you could like squeeze in a
little bit of like three plus two you
know and add a little bit of four plus
eight if you know what i mean
and and you know there's a lot of stuff
that you could do my point is that you
can kind of get creative
and much like cooking
it's about like balancing flavors and
like trying different kinds of stuff
right
and and so i i know this is i know when
it comes to sex people are like
automatically like oh my god like ah
but the truth is that there's a lot of
science here like this is an important
part of health it's an important part of
psychology and so over time what you can
gradually do is like you can basically
like if your hand is what you need
maybe like you're using your hand or
maybe she can use her hand right like if
what you need is
uh you know minimal lube and and a tight
grip like you can kind of show her how
and so that she can still be involved in
the process like you can be involved in
the process and then over time
um you know you can you can do like
different things and you can even like
you know there are different combos that
you can do i'm not going to go into a
lot of detail but i mean you can get
quite detailed so in terms of some of
the sex therapy that i've done like it
gets like super super detailed with like
even transition points and stuff like
that it's like you can get 90 of the way
there using one thing and when you're
super super close you transition to
something else which will in a sense
kill it
but if you're close enough you'll kind
of still make it the rest of the way
there and it may not be perfectly
satisfying but then your body will have
entrained itself a little bit to you
know finish up in a place where it
didn't start you guys get what i'm
saying
does that make sense
right so i don't really feel like this
is appropriate to go into too much
detail on stream
yeah like wombo combo right
and and so does that does that make
sense like the truth is you can do a lot
here
okay
um
so does that so questions so let me just
kind of summarize so like if you're you
know if you have this myth that like
having sex is just gonna be amazing the
first time around
and especially if you've been
masturbating you know for years and
years and years
sex is not gonna be just amazing the
first time you do it right it's like
it's a practice like it's something that
you do with your body and your mind
that sure there's a lot of like
biological drivers which are like sort
of telling you what to do but if you've
conditioned your body for 18 years to
respond to something else you have to
like start the process of like
conditioning it towards where you want
to go and you can absolutely do that so
the way that i'd sort of describe this
is almost like eating spicy food
like spicy food can be absolutely
amazing i absolutely love it and the
first time you have it like if you go
too far you may
go way too fat like you know maybe like
a terrible experience for you and then
what happens is we have so much
discussion i i genuinely think this is a
problem we have so much discussion about
variable sexuality that someone will
have
a
negative sexual experience and start to
wonder oh am i asexual they'll go down
the echo chamber of asexual content
conclude that they are asexual
which could be true but the the simple
truth of the matter is that you may just
have had a bad sexual experience and
like you're not really asexual you just
need to recondition your body you can be
like a you know
normative sexual behavior
it doesn't mean you're asexual like you
can actually transition from here to
here
and if you sort of adopt that label
right from the get-go
then you may actually be missing out on
a lot of things so when i'm supporting
people through their own journeys of
discovering their sexuality like this is
a really important point right that it
takes some time and some experimentation
to figure things out just because you
have a negative experience and there are
a lot of people out there who will say
like if you post this on a forum for
asexual people
since the asexual people are trying to
be supportive of each other what they
may say is they're like yeah you're
asexual like that was my experience as
well this was my journey it's okay to be
asexual you're asexual you know they may
say things like that in an effort to be
supportive and that could actually like
be you know
have a negative impact on that person
i can feel the shakti leaving my body
during this convo well
we'll try to get your shakti back later
okay
okay so
you know for this person don't give up
yet
uh you really lucked out in terms of who
you ended up
dating
um you know give yourself some time give
yourself some patience
and uh
yeah
be patient with yourself i think that's
the most important thing
okay
all right so we've got kind of a
different one now
oh chat
okay different one okay
okay
so next up we've got a post from a
parent
um
also
oh
just one other myth that i want to try
to spell for a second
so i see this posted on the internet a
lot where like people
will post and they'll say that
they'll talk about the number of vagina
the number of penises that
how can i say this delicately
so people will say that like if you've
been
if a woman has had sex with a lot of
different men that her vagina will be
loose
and for some reason they think that
having sex with the same penis over and
over again does not make it loose
so i don't know how else to say this but
like just because you take big bites of
a subway sandwich doesn't mean that your
mouth is like hanging open
all the time
does that make sense
chat
oh god
why is this not focusing
focus
auto focus
right just just because you eat a lot of
the subway doesn't mean your mouth is
like
this all the time right your the body is
elastic
like opening your mouth really big and
taking big bites does not give you like
a very loose mouth
and in the same way having sex with one
penis or lots of penises does not alter
the elasticity of your vagina it's just
not physiologic like i don't know where
people get this idea like just because
you poop out huge turds does not give
you like a loose [ __ ]
it just
you know
like it's just not how it works
like i'm sure that's gonna get clipped
out of context or whatever but just
saying chat like you need to understand
that right do we are we all on the same
page there
it's just
physiologically it's like no amount of
sticking your finger in your nose is
going to give you like a gigantic
nostril like it's just not how it works
got it
okay
someone was like i just tuned in yeah
sorry about that
i don't know like so i struggle with
saying things like that on stream
because i recognize that people are
gonna think it's like meemish but it's
also like people are out there saying
this right people believe this
like i don't know where they get this
idea
um so
you know
anyway
like seriously like i think that's part
of our mission here and we can't we
can't avoid or maybe we should so i'm
open to feedback if if people think that
this was a mistake on stream maybe my
team will tell me like don't say things
like this but if y'all think this is
good on stream like please let us know
if you guys think that it's not good on
stream and you think that it does
deplete your shakthi and we shouldn't be
talking about this stuff please let us
know
um because i think once again we have so
many like romantic or mythologized
notions about sexuality that like people
will think that oh if i have sex with
lots of men like i will have a loose
vagina like women will think that too
right like men will like start dating
someone and you really like someone but
you have this myth that if they've had
more partners than you have then
then you break up with them and it's
like you're missing out on something
you're judging that person like
arguably unfairly maybe you're judging
them fairly you're allowed to make
whatever judgments you want to
um so i i i it's hard because there's a
lot of stuff out there that is meme
friendly but is also like really
important psas